Slut?
Regnant with someone else's bastard
and you're still trying to seduce Damien?
First of all, you push me again, and I won't be so nice.
Second of all, I am not seducing Damien.
In third of all, watch your mouth,
because calling people bitches and sluts
just shows you have no class.
You know, had I not gone
to my prenatal checkup yesterday,
I wouldn't have found out
that you are also pregnant.
You really think Damien won't
kick you out of LS when he finds out
you're carrying someone else's baby?
Wait, Zand just pregnant?
Who's baby is he?
Damien's, of course.
Unlike some people
who probably can't even remember who the father is.
What's it to you?
You know, I heard
you were attacked by a thug recently.
Maybe he's the one that knocked you up.
What? What do you want?
How did you know someone broke into my house?